26 -02 - 2026

Throwing out the extended origins in this pack and the Android Origin. Focusing on reworking the main origin to make it much more cave-based than before.

POWERS STAYING


POWERS IN PROGRESS

- Mining buffs
	Minor buffs to improve cave-based gameplay in the early game. 
- Death changes
	I'm thinking about it... I like the idea of the zombie being built somewhat around dying alot.
	Two options:
		A: Fake death using on-death
		B: Real death, but a keep-inventory inventory slot and a way to conserve XP.
			Issue with conserving XP is that you cannot subtract XP. hmm.
- XP Storing (TestPowers)
	- At the cost of 11 xp, I can create an xp bottle (which can have 3-11 xp in it).

PREVIOUS POWERS ON HOLD FOR RECONSIDERING
- Grapple
	Eating a mushroom grants you a grapple, for extra cave traversal.
	Problem: Saves from fall damage, not easy for mining higher materials (main appeal)
- Planted
	Plant a 'body' that you can return to via key-bind instead of dying.
- Astral Projection
	Active power - allows for phasing through walls and flight in a short radius around the original body.
- Disattaching Head
	Problem: No real appeal to having a head follow you around.
- Transforming between zombies
	Problem: massive Scaling issues.
- Curing
	Cure several zombie effects to avoid issues until next death.
	Problem: needs a reason to be a zombie compared to curing
- Mushroom based Effects
	Part of the same idea as Transforming, but with mushroom based changes too.
- Dig
	Phasing but for dirt/ dropping into dirt.
----------------------------------------------------
Development thoughts

What's the appeal for some of these powers?
Grapple - Get blocks up high, nether/cave traversal.
Astral Projection - Get Blocks up high, X-Ray for caving
Transforming - can make things harder.
Death based - storing XP, keep inventory.


Major problems to solve:

Sunlight.
Sleeping.
Staying underwater.

So... Death. The appeal is being able to just... jump off a cliff and die if I want to, which would save some of my gear. Hmm.

-----------------------------------------------------------
BRAINSTORM

So. You are some kind of spirit or something inhabiting a zombie body.

You can only heal via eating mushrooms or rotten flesh. 
You need a carved pumpkin to go near villagers. 
You burn in the daylight. Wearing a helmet reduces this a bit at the moment.
You can't sleep during the night.

So. Ideas behind the XP Storing - Love it.
Idea behind the inventory - ehhhhh.... maybe instead it should be the enderchest. idfk.
